ramshackle this is a peaceful man but a
poor one since its defender Lord ever
riches as frigid away his riches if you
can amass enough gold he will surely be
tempted into leaving his fortress or
attacking you personally build a
workshop and fill your realm with
fiendish traps and doors to protect your
hard-won Treasuries your this food to
his doom and claim his portal gem lord
avaricious hides within his fortress
crowd he's well defended but girls his
ruthless to lure him from his stronghold
mine all the gold within his realm
treasury workshop sentry trap
wooden door
Oh
recall your dungeon heart will only hold
a sum of 16,000 gold so build a Treasury
for the excess to a mass you need a
tragedy to store go
a workshop should be built so trolls
will come and use it for their
fabrication benefiting you with traps
and doors to help defend your
underground creations will claim the
portal the swift light fireflies
essential as an airborne scalped his
eyes are yours to penetrate dark places
and report
you
new species of creature has entered your
dungeon
Oh
you